Young Master Su, what are you thinking about?
Ah, it's alright, it's alright
Well, I meant to say
I just saw Uncle Yan
I think I bought a mahogany chair. Hmm
This chair doesn't seem to be very good for the body.
How about I help you adjust it?
All right.
Oh, I didn't expect it.
Young and uniform
over the top, over the top.
I feel really comfortable after acupuncture
Uncle Yan
Today I am here for a travel engagement
I'm only engaged to Su Yizawa
Who are you?
Miss Yan, I didn't offend you, did I?
Ah, I see.
It's up to this strongman surnamed Su
Relying on the power of the Su family
I want to take away your right to choose happiness
Really domineering
What kind of secondary school disease do you have?
Stay away from me!
Miss Yan, don't be afraid
I will not let your marriage become a tool
As long as you marry me
I promise.
Whether it is the Su family or the whole world, it is yours
Because you are my Yechen's woman
What is the matter with you
Miss Yan, I know you are thinking of me
I don't want to offend this Su
But I can tell you this.
Over time
I will become the most powerful man in the world